hackathons/week6/README.md, before:

## Boggle Solver Challenge - Submission

[![Summer Of Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/project-summer%20of%20code-F03697.svg)][1]
[![JavaScript Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-JavaScript-F4D03F.svg)][2]

### Context

> Write a [boggle solver][3] that finds all possible words on a given board.

### Team Members

- [Anusha Lihala][4]
- [Lisa Liu][5]
- [Solange Umuhire Gasengayire][6]

### Language - Resources

- [HTML][7]
- [JavaScript][2]
- [Boggle dictionary][8]

### Setup and Run Instructions

This submission contains the following files:
- `boggle_solver.html`: HTML file to display results of the Boggle solver challenge
- `main.js`: program entry point to get the boggle solver started
- `solver.pj`: script that implements a boggle game solver
- `board.js`: script that randomly generates a boggle board
- `dictionary.js`: script to implement the boggle dictionary using a trie
- `trienode.js`: a javascript class that represents a trie node
- `dictionary.txt`: the dictionary text file used for this project

**To run the program:**
- Download and unzip the `soc6h-bs-al-ll-sug.zip` file.
- From a command line window, navigate to the (newly unzipped) `soc6h-bs-al-ll-sug` folder.
- Launch the application by opening the `boggle_solver.html` file in a web browser.


[1]: https://github.com/1millionwomentotech/toolkitten/tree/master/summer-of-code
[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide
[3]: https://github.com/1millionwomentotech/toolkitten/blob/master/summer-of-code/week-02/wk2-hackathon-submissions/hackathon-challenge-boggle-solver.md
[4]: https://github.com/anushalihala
[5]: https://github.com/lisaisfabu
[6]: https://github.com/SolangeUG
[7]: https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/
[8]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jonbcard/scrabble-bot/master/src/dictionary.txt

Commit message:

Update instructions on running the Boggle game solver

hackathons/week6/README.md, after:

## Boggle Solver Challenge - Submission

[![Summer Of Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/project-summer%20of%20code-F03697.svg)][1]
[![JavaScript Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-JavaScript-F4D03F.svg)][2]

### Context

> Write a [boggle solver][3] that finds all possible words on a given board.

### Team Members

- [Anusha Lihala][4]
- [Lisa Liu][5]
- [Solange Umuhire Gasengayire][6]

### Language - Resources

- [HTML][7]
- [JavaScript][2]
- [Boggle dictionary][8]

### Setup and Run Instructions

This submission contains the following files:
- `boggle_solver.html`: HTML file to display results of the Boggle solver challenge
- `main.js`: program entry point to get the boggle solver started
- `solver.pj`: script that implements a boggle game solver
- `board.js`: script that randomly generates a boggle board
- `dictionary.js`: script to implement the boggle dictionary using a trie
- `trienode.js`: a javascript class that represents a trie node
- `dictionary.txt`: the dictionary text file used for this project

**To run the program:**
- Download and unzip the `soc6h-bs-al-ll-sug.zip` file.
- From a command line window, navigate to the (newly unzipped) `soc6h-bs-al-ll-sug` folder.
- Launch the application by opening the `boggle_solver.html` file in **Firefox**.

**Note**:

> Due to **security reasons**, Chrome, by default, does not allow for local files to be loaded and read in Javascript.
Therefore, loading our dictionary from a local text file won't work in Chrome. 
Which is why, we recommend running the Boggle solver in Firefox.

> There's, however, an option to disable the security configuration in Chrome. 
[Here][9] is an article that explains how it can be done on a Windows or a Linux machine.



[1]: https://github.com/1millionwomentotech/toolkitten/tree/master/summer-of-code
[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide
[3]: https://github.com/1millionwomentotech/toolkitten/blob/master/summer-of-code/week-02/wk2-hackathon-submissions/hackathon-challenge-boggle-solver.md
[4]: https://github.com/anushalihala
[5]: https://github.com/lisaisfabu
[6]: https://github.com/SolangeUG
[7]: https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/
[8]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jonbcard/scrabble-bot/master/src/dictionary.txt
[9]: https://chrome-allow-file-access-from-file.blogspot.com/
